Hi everyone!
This is a Python course to prepare to the certification entry level programmer contain more than 400
questions in six practice tests.
But before purchasing the course, be sure to use the coupon code in the section description to get
a discount.
Each practice test contain a lot of topics starting by the data, aggregates, operators, basics,
functions, error handling, data types, control flow, and finally, some mixed questions.
More than 85% for practice exam, which means more than 55 questions contains four sections.
The first, try it yourself.
You can copy paste the code in your PyCharm IDE and execute the code.
The second section explanation we explain why we choose the correct answer.
The third section note which we learn more about some Python tricks and best practices.
And finally, a question, a reference to ask me for more details if it's not clear.
This is an example.
The first section.
Try it yourself.
Copy paste the code in your PyCharm IDE and execute the code.
The explanation why we choose the second and the third option, and some note to learn more about Python's
and best practices.
And finally, a question in reference to ask me for more details.
Let's go to Udemy and check this practice exam.
Here.
This is the sixth practice exam.
Let's try the first exam.
We can choose the test mode, practice mode, or exam mode.
Let's go via practice mode.
In this question, what will be the good answer?
It will be the third option.
Why?
Because zero in list is like false in list where the section try it yourself.
You can copy paste the code and execute the explanation why we choose this this option and not the first
or the Or the second.
Also some note.
And the reference of the question.
We can pass to the other questions here in this question.
For example the solution it will be for y.
Let's see the explanation.
The list initialized by three items zero, one and two.
And the second line we insert one at the first index and the third line we delete the second item.
The list remain only with three items.
It will be for.